[FIX] Reorganize rec, ce entities, _defacemask (#550)
bids-standard/bids-specification: src/04-modality-specific-files/01-magnetic-resonance-imaging-data.md

| Inplane T2         | inplaneT2        | T2-weighted anatomical image matched to functional acquisition                                                                                    |
| Angiography        | angio            |                                                                                                                                                   |

If the structural images included in the dataset were defaced (to protect

> identity of participants) one CAN provide the binary mask that was used to

Reviewer: CAN is not in RFC 2119.

```suggestion
identity of participants) one MAY provide the binary mask that was used to
```

> remove facial features in the form of `_defacemask` files. In such cases the
> OPTIONAL `mod-<label>` key/value pair corresponds to modality label for eg: T1w,
> inplaneT1, referenced by a defacemask image. E.g.,
> `sub-01_mod-T1w_defacemask.nii.gz`.

Reviewer: Semantic line breaks, clarity, dropping "e.g." which is bad for screen readers.

```suggestion
remove facial features in the form of `_defacemask` files.
In such cases,  the OPTIONAL `mod-<label>` key/value pair corresponds to modality suffix,
such as T1w or inplaneT1, referenced by the defacemask image.
For example, `sub-01_mod-T1w_defacemask.nii.gz`.
```

| -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| ContrastBolusIngredient | OPTIONAL. Active ingredient of agent. Values MUST be one of: IODINE, GADOLINIUM, CARBON DIOXIDE, BARIUM, XENON Corresponds to DICOM Tag 0018,1048. |

#### The `rec` entity

> Similarly the OPTIONAL `rec-<label>` key/value can be used to distinguish

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Similarly, the OPTIONAL `rec-<label>` key/value can be used to distinguish
```
